# SGaSNoF
This code corresponds to the paper \bf{"Stochastic galactic supernova flux of semi-relativistic particles"}

Authors: David Alonso-González, David Cerdeño, Marina Cermeño, Andres D. Perez

MeV scale exotic particles (such as axion-like particles or light dark matter) can be emitted in core-collapse supernovae (SNe) with semi-relativistic velocities, leaving the proto-neutron star with different speeds, and arriving at Earth as an extended packet (with a time spread that can be as large as tens of millennia for typical experiments). It has been argued in the literature that the superposition of packets from all galactic SNe gives rise to a diffuse stationary flux that can be observable on terrestrial experiments. In this article, we critically examine this hypothesis by carrying out a numerical simulation of the galactic history of SN explosions, based on existing models of the rate and distribution profile. We show that the energy dependence of the resulting flux is far from smooth, being extremely sensitive to the stochastic nature of the SN population. This happens because, although the particle packets do overlap, each of them only contributes with a very narrow range of energies and with an intensity that depends on the SN distance. This has profound implications for the expected signature on Earth experiments. In this article, we develop a numerical tool to compute this stochastic galactic flux for generic semi-relativistic particles. To exemplify this framework, we revisit existing bounds in the literature for axion-like particles and fermionic dark matter, obtaining constraints which are weather than previously reported.
